can I get a couple of blueberry muffins
to go Viper's huh yep
so I guess Rachel had your baby do you
believe it
nope I can't even leave she slept with
you in the first place huh oh oh you you
mean like huh hey Ross I know you're
pissed at me but we have to talk about
this uh actually we don't I'm gonna go
oh look we have to get past this give me
the bag no I don't know what else to do
I said I'm sorry Joey
now you should scream at me or curse me
or hit me I'm not gonna hit you
why not you'll feel better I'll feel
better and you know you want to I can
see it in your eyes
no I don't a little bit no a little bit
no a little bit more give me the bat me
Joe if give me the bag Joe I'm not
kidding me no hit me hit me hit me hit
me
[Applause]
I'm sorry yo it was a reflex oh my god
this really hurt I couldn't help it or
when a fist comes at you face you doc
look
few words about the dog why didn't you
die what do we talk about this on the
way to the hospital
good good yeah maybe while we're there
they can check your reflexes
[Applause]
[Music]
you uh you want me to help you with that
why does it look like I'm having trouble
with my misshapen claw name no I know
Ross but what's it short for you know
like like Ross whole Rasta fur that's
Ross it's pretty okay date of birth you
know my birthday sure May timber
October 18th occupation dinosaurs
actually I'm appealing dinosaurs is fine
the drawing is not
who do you want is your emergency
contact uh Rachel I guess okay
relationship oh boy this could take a
while just uh just put roommate come on
you guys are more than that I mean
you're gonna get together right I don't
think that we are but you two were
supposed to be together no I thought so
too but then she said she'd marry you
come on Ross that didn't mean anything
she she she just had the baby she was
all freaked out about doing it alone she
she would have said yes to anybody
yeah that's that's what she said so so I
don't want to be just anybody Wow
you know what it's it's it's better this
way anyway
I don't know what I was thinking going
down that road again with us it's it's
just much easier if we're if we're just
friends who have a kid really yeah and
and you're okay with that yes I mean
that's what we always planned and if you
have a plan you should stick to it
that's that's that's why they call them
plan solo I'm fine
hey for what it's worth with Rachel I
don't think you'll ever be just anybody
there you go
[Music]
you know I've been thinking about this
and I got a tire it's not my fault it's
a natural instinct we're just talking
about hey okay what would you do if I
did this
[Applause]